feat(ecr): add server-side encryption configuration (#16966)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-ecr/README.md

new ecr.Repository(this, 'Repo', { imageTagMutability: ecr.TagMutability.IMMUTABLE });
```

### Encryption

> By default a Repository is server-side encrypted with AES-256 by AWS. However, you can use AWS managed KMS or customer managed KMS. When `encryptionKey` is set, the `encryption` must be `KMS` or empty.

Reviewer: Please add a link to the ECR developer guide where people can read in more detail about this feature: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/encryption-at-rest.html 

Lifting some sentences from that doc and adding more explanation for clarity here: 

```suggestion
By default, Amazon ECR uses server-side encryption with Amazon S3-managed encryption keys which encrypts your data at rest using an AES-256 encryption algorithm. For more control over the encryption for your Amazon ECR repositories, you can use server-side encryption with KMS keys stored in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). When you use AWS KMS to encrypt your data, you can either use the default AWS managed key, which is managed by Amazon ECR, by specifying `RepositoryEncryption.KMS` in the `encryption` property. Or specify your own customer managed KMS key, by specifying the `encryptionKey` property. 

When `encryptionKey` is set, the `encryption` property must be `KMS` or empty.
```

```ts
new ecr.Repository(this, 'Repo', {

>   encryption: ecr.RepositoryEncryption.KMS

Reviewer: Can you include a comment in the example that explains this will use a AWS managed KMS key.

});
```

or

```ts
import * as kms from '@aws-cdk/aws-kms';

> new ecr.Repository(this, 'Repo', {

Reviewer: Please add a comment that this version uses a customer-managed KMS key.

new ecr.Repository(this, 'Repo', { imageTagMutability: ecr.TagMutability.IMMUTABLE });
```

### Encryption

> By default, Amazon ECR uses server-side encryption with Amazon S3-managed encryption keys which encrypts your data at rest using an AES-256 encryption algorithm. For more control over the encryption for your Amazon ECR repositories, you can use server-side encryption with KMS keys stored in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). When you use AWS KMS to encrypt your data, you can either use the default AWS managed key, which is managed by Amazon ECR, by specifying `RepositoryEncryption.KMS` in the `encryption` property. Or specify your own customer managed KMS key, by specifying the `encryptionKey` property. 

Reviewer: Can you add a link to the ECR dev guide here?

```suggestion
By default, Amazon ECR uses server-side encryption with Amazon S3-managed encryption keys which encrypts your data at rest using an AES-256 encryption algorithm. For more control over the encryption for your Amazon ECR repositories, you can use server-side encryption with KMS keys stored in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Read more about this feature in the [ECR Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/encryption-at-rest.html).

When you use AWS KMS to encrypt your data, you can either use the default AWS managed key, which is managed by Amazon ECR, by specifying `RepositoryEncryption.KMS` in the `encryption` property. Or specify your own customer managed KMS key, by specifying the `encryptionKey` property. 
```
